content/projects/crosby-loft-1/index.md, before:

---
isPublished: true
seo:
  image: 45crosby5s_seo_1200x630.jpg
  title: Crosby Loft I
  description: Architects BC—OA  renovated this 2300sf loft located on Soho’s
    quintessential Crosby Street, using a floating kitchen to buffer between
    public and private spaces.
templateKey: project
slug: soho-loft-1
categories:
  - Residential
  - Lofts
heroImage:
  image: 45crosby5s_ph_3800x1900.jpg
  portraitImage: 45CROSBY5S_PH_1500x2000.jpg
workDescription: ""
title: Crosby Loft I
headline: Reveal then refine the Soho loft
featured:
  featuredDescription: BC—OAs first of many Soho loft projects
  featuredImage:
    alt: this is the alt text
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-12-_1160x1547.jpg
    isPortrait: true
  isFeatured: true
previewImage:
  image: 45-crosby_5s_4.jpg
infoObjects:
  infoObject:
    - description: Private Owner
      title: Client
    - description: Full renovation of 2300 sf Soho Loft
      title: Scope
    - description: Completed
      title: STATUS
    - description: Frank Oudeman
      title: PHOTOGRAPHY
primaryImage:
  caption: Cabinetry hugs the original timber column of this form lightbulb factory
  image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(12)_1820.jpg
projectGallery:
  - caption:
      Exposed brick and steel elements next to clean new surfaces concealing
      the infrastructure - sprinklers, lighting and ductwork
    colWidth: "10"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(3)_1820.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(7)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: "4"
    type: image
  - caption:
      Approaching the design as clean insertions nested within the industrial
      loft elements
    colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-18.jpg
    offsetWidth: "0"
    type: image
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-11-_2480_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "4"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-8-_1160_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - pullQuote: The selective loft
    type: quote
  - colWidth: "12"
    image: promo-plan-2015-45-crosby-5s-cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "4"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-17-_1160_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(15)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: "0"
    type: image
  - colWidth: "10"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-14-_2480_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
---

This 2300sf loft located on Soho’s quintessential Crosby Street offers ample square footage in a long and narrow floor plan. A partial wall dividing the public and private spaces of this residence breaks the floor plan in half, providing a friendlier proportion for the open kitchen, dining and living space, while still permitting views straight through the apartment to windows at the two extremes. The original loft materials - brick and heavy timber columns - are exposed throughout the living and dining area, with contemporary insertions to provide a comfortable kitchen and sitting area. Furniture selection by Tamara Eaton Design.

See feature in [Dwell](https://www.dwell.com/collection/a-renovated-loft-in-soho-628c9992)

Commit message:

updates redirects, turn off required redirects

content/projects/crosby-loft-1/index.md, after:

---
isPublished: true
seo:
  image: 45crosby5s_seo_1200x630.jpg
  title: Crosby Loft I
  description: Architects BC—OA  renovated this 2300sf loft located on Soho’s
    quintessential Crosby Street, using a floating kitchen to buffer between
    public and private spaces.
templateKey: project
slug: soho-loft-1
redirects:
  - permanent: true
    from: crosby-loft-1
  - permanent: true
    from: Soho-Loft-1
categories:
  - Residential
  - Lofts
heroImage:
  image: 45crosby5s_ph_3800x1900.jpg
  portraitImage: 45CROSBY5S_PH_1500x2000.jpg
workDescription: ""
title: Crosby Loft I
headline: Reveal then refine the Soho loft
featured:
  featuredDescription: BC—OAs first of many Soho loft projects
  featuredImage:
    alt: this is the alt text
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-12-_1160x1547.jpg
    isPortrait: true
  isFeatured: true
previewImage:
  image: 45-crosby_5s_4.jpg
infoObjects:
  infoObject:
    - description: Private Owner
      title: Client
    - description: Full renovation of 2300 sf Soho Loft
      title: Scope
    - description: Completed
      title: STATUS
    - description: Frank Oudeman
      title: PHOTOGRAPHY
primaryImage:
  caption: Cabinetry hugs the original timber column of this form lightbulb factory
  image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(12)_1820.jpg
projectGallery:
  - caption:
      Exposed brick and steel elements next to clean new surfaces concealing
      the infrastructure - sprinklers, lighting and ductwork
    colWidth: "10"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(3)_1820.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(7)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: "4"
    type: image
  - caption:
      Approaching the design as clean insertions nested within the industrial
      loft elements
    colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-18.jpg
    offsetWidth: "0"
    type: image
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-11-_2480_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "4"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-8-_1160_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - pullQuote: The selective loft
    type: quote
  - colWidth: "12"
    image: promo-plan-2015-45-crosby-5s-cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "4"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-17-_1160_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
  - colWidth: "8"
    image: 45-CROSBY_5S_-(15)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: "0"
    type: image
  - colWidth: "10"
    image: 45-crosby_5s_-14-_2480_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    offsetWidth: "0"
---

This 2300sf loft located on Soho’s quintessential Crosby Street offers ample square footage in a long and narrow floor plan. A partial wall dividing the public and private spaces of this residence breaks the floor plan in half, providing a friendlier proportion for the open kitchen, dining and living space, while still permitting views straight through the apartment to windows at the two extremes. The original loft materials - brick and heavy timber columns - are exposed throughout the living and dining area, with contemporary insertions to provide a comfortable kitchen and sitting area. Furniture selection by Tamara Eaton Design.

See feature in [Dwell](https://www.dwell.com/collection/a-renovated-loft-in-soho-628c9992)
