content/projects/zhuhai/index.md, before:

---
isPublished: true
templateKey: project
title: Zhuhai Exhibition Center
type: commercial
heroImage:
  image: zhuhai_ph_3800x1900.jpg
  portraitImage: zhuhai_ph_1500x2000.jpg
  alt: image alt text
headline: finding endless space
featured:
  isFeatured: true
  featuredDescription: featured description
  featuredImage:
    isPortrait: false
    image: zhuhai_ph_3800x1900.jpg
    alt: image alt text
previewImage:
  image: ZHUHAI_index_3.jpg
  alt: zhuhai building
infoObject:
  - description: Private Developer
    title: CLIENT
  - description: '500,000 sf Convention Center'
    title: SCOPE
  - description: Completed 2016
    title: STATUS
  - description: RMJM w. Luigi Ciaccia
    title: DESIGN ARCHITECT
primaryImage:
  caption: The form of the big roof participates in the organic forms of the master plan, acting independently of the orthogonal exhibition space it contains
  image: zhuhai_-15-_1820_cropped.jpg
projectGallery:
  - caption: Forms intertwined by the water's edge
    colWidth: '6'
    image: zhuhai_-3-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    alt: project image
  - colWidth: '10'
    image: ZHUHAI_-(14)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: '2'
    type: image
  - colWidth: '6'
    image: zhuhai_-8-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
  - colWidth: '6'
    image: zhuhai_-7-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
  - pullQuote: nestled and sitting delicately
    type: quote
  - colWidth: '12'
    image: section_final.jpg
    type: image
  - caption: Interstitial spaces create unique experience as one moves through.
    colWidth: '12'
    image: zhuhai_-17-_3800_cropped.jpg
    type: image
---

This convention and exhibition complex are part of the key elements of development for the wider Shizimen Business District in Zhuhai, China. The concept was driven by the “City of
Romance” label for the city of Zuhai, together with the connection of the
site to the water. A series of organic interconnected buildings
join together to form vibrant multi-leveled urban spaces. The
necessity for a very large orthogonal exhibition space is in sharp contrast
to the sinuous forms of the master plan, yet the design of the Exhibition
center acts as the backdrop to the seamless
ribbon convention center which wraps around enclosed and
open spaces throughout the development and water’s edge.
The Exhibition Center accommodates approximately 500,000
sq ft of interior sky lit exhibition space supported by ancillary
exterior gardens and back of house support
spaces.

Luigi Ciaccia was Senior Designer on the exhibition center
through the Design Development phase of the project. This
role required the coordination of the exhibition facility with
the master plan, while leading a team of 4 on the detailed
design development, exterior envelope and interior planning
of the project.

Commit message:

article pages & slug project slug gif categories

content/projects/zhuhai/index.md, after:

---
isPublished: true
templateKey: project
title: Zhuhai Exhibition Center
slug: zhuhai-exhibition-center
categories:
  - Commercial
heroImage:
  image: zhuhai_ph_3800x1900.jpg
  portraitImage: zhuhai_ph_1500x2000.jpg
  alt: image alt text
headline: finding endless space
featured:
  isFeatured: true
  featuredDescription: featured description
  featuredImage:
    isPortrait: false
    image: zhuhai_ph_3800x1900.jpg
    alt: image alt text
previewImage:
  image: ZHUHAI_index_3.jpg
  alt: zhuhai building
infoObject:
  - description: Private Developer
    title: CLIENT
  - description: 500,000 sf Convention Center
    title: SCOPE
  - description: Completed 2016
    title: STATUS
  - description: RMJM w. Luigi Ciaccia
    title: DESIGN ARCHITECT
primaryImage:
  caption: The form of the big roof participates in the organic forms of the
    master plan, acting independently of the orthogonal exhibition space it
    contains
  image: zhuhai_-15-_1820_cropped.jpg
projectGallery:
  - caption: Forms intertwined by the water's edge
    colWidth: "6"
    image: zhuhai_-3-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
    alt: project image
  - colWidth: "10"
    image: ZHUHAI_-(14)_1820.jpg
    offsetWidth: "2"
    type: image
  - colWidth: "6"
    image: zhuhai_-8-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
  - colWidth: "6"
    image: zhuhai_-7-_1820_cropped.jpg
    type: image
  - pullQuote: nestled and sitting delicately
    type: quote
  - colWidth: "12"
    image: section_final.jpg
    type: image
  - caption: Interstitial spaces create unique experience as one moves through.
    colWidth: "12"
    image: zhuhai_-17-_3800_cropped.jpg
    type: image
---

This convention and exhibition complex are part of the key elements of development for the wider Shizimen Business District in Zhuhai, China. The concept was driven by the “City of
Romance” label for the city of Zuhai, together with the connection of the
site to the water. A series of organic interconnected buildings
join together to form vibrant multi-leveled urban spaces. The
necessity for a very large orthogonal exhibition space is in sharp contrast
to the sinuous forms of the master plan, yet the design of the Exhibition
center acts as the backdrop to the seamless
ribbon convention center which wraps around enclosed and
open spaces throughout the development and water’s edge.
The Exhibition Center accommodates approximately 500,000
sq ft of interior sky lit exhibition space supported by ancillary
exterior gardens and back of house support
spaces.

Luigi Ciaccia was Senior Designer on the exhibition center
through the Design Development phase of the project. This
role required the coordination of the exhibition facility with
the master plan, while leading a team of 4 on the detailed
design development, exterior envelope and interior planning
of the project.
